Adding Resources list to Inclusive Events Chapter (#3479)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/collaboration/inclusive-events/inclusive-events-resources.md

(cl-inclusive-events-resources-reading)=
## Further Reading

* [The 7 Principles of Universal Design](https://universaldesign.ie/about-universal-design/the-7-principles)
* (Book) [The Art of Gathering: How We Meet and Why It Matters](https://www.priyaparker.com/book-art-of-gathering) by Priya Parker

(cl-inclusive-events-resources-other)=
## Additional Resources 

> This chapter cannot (and should not) replace working with members of your specific community to plan and host events. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These resources cannot (and should not) replace working with members of your specific community to plan and host events. 
```

Of course also true for the chapter at large, but I guess at this particular space mostly about the resources linked below?

* Public Engagement with Science [A guide to creating conversations among publics and scientists for mutual learning and societal decision-making](https://www.mos.org/sites/dev-elvis.mos.org/files/docs/offerings/PES_guide_10_20r_HR.pdf)
* Citizen's Advice: [How to run focus groups](https://www.citizensadvice.org.uk/Global/CitizensAdvice/Equalities/How%20to%20run%20focus%20groups%20guide.pdf)
* [Guidelines for Conducting a Focus Group](https://irep.olemiss.edu/wp-content/uploads/sites/98/2016/05/Trinity_Duke_How_to_Conduct_a_Focus_Group.pdf)

### Community-Specific Accessibility Resources

#### Deaf and Hard of Hearing 
* [Sign Solutions: How to plan a conference with event interpretation for Deaf people](https://www.signsolutions.uk.com/how-to-plan-a-conference-with-event-interpretation-for-deaf-people/)
* [Royal National Institute for Deaf People: Make your meetings deaf aware](https://rnid.org.uk/information-and-support/deaf-awareness/make-your-meetings-deaf-aware/)
* (UK only) [Action Deafness Interpreting: British Sign Language Interpreter Services](https://actiondeafness.org.uk/services/interpreting/)

> * [Working with sign language interpreters for events](https://www.signsolutions.uk.com/working-with-sign-language-interpreters-for-events/)

Reviewer: I would potentially move the community specific resources towards the end, to move from the general to the more specific one.

* [University College London's Tips / Checklist for making events accessible](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/equality-diversity-inclusion/equality-areas/disability-equality/tips-checklist-making-events-accessible)
* [University of British Columbia Accessible and Inclusive Event Planning](https://equity.ubc.ca/resources/accessible-and-inclusive-event-planning/)
* [University of York: Inclusive and Accessible Events: Good Practice Guidance](https://www.york.ac.uk/media/abouttheuniversity/equality/documents/Inclusive-and-accessible-events-good-practice-guidelines.pdf)
* Equality and Human Rights Commission: [Engaging with Disabled People An Events Planning Guide](https://www.equalityhumanrights.com/sites/default/files/housing-and-disabled-people-engaging-with-disabled-people-event-planning-guide.pdf)
* [Independent Living Institute: Holding Meetings](https://www.independentliving.org/docs2/daakit45.html)
* [Making in-person events accessible](https://communications.admin.ox.ac.uk/guidance-for-planning-and-organising-accessible-events#collapse2055661)

> ### Planning Inclusive Events

Reviewer: I haven't checked, but are those also listed in the more general event organisation chapters? If so, would it be worth linking out to the broader resources for inclusive event organisation within TTW (please ignore if i misremember and that doesn't actually exist 🙈 )

Author: That actually aren't (but possibly could be!)
